# 单项选择

:::info
期末试卷第二大题为单项选择题，共 20 分。

本题库共有选择题 90 题，期末试卷随机抽取其中 20 题。
:::

## 题目

01. — Where are you from?   
— I ________ Nanchang, the capital city of Jiangxi.
A. am coming      B. am come from    C. am from
02. There _________ a level crossing without gates ahead.
A. are       B. being       C. is    
03. I’ve got ________, so I have been so busy these days. 
A. a work      B. a job        C. works   
04. — Can I get you some picture-books?
　— _______.
A. That’s very nice of you    B. With pleasure    C. You can, please 
05. — What are we going to do?
— We are going to learn ________.
A. Lesson Eight      B. Lesson Eighth     C. Eighth Lesson 
06. What ________ you do when you meet somebody for the first time?
A. did        B. does         C. do     
07. Go straight down Station Road ________ the cinema, there is a traffic light.
A. past        B. passed         C. passing   
08. I have an appointment with Ms John ________ Thursday.
A. at         B. in         C.  on
09. — Would you like something to drink?
— _________.
A. Yes, I would      B. No,  I wouldn’t     C. Tea, please  
10. A firm handshake with the whole hand is always _____ than a limp handshake with just the fingers.
A. well       B. good         C. better
11. Professor Wang spoke very ________ of her.
A. highly      B. tall         C. big     
12. The young girl didn’t feel nervous at all because the interview was very ________.
A. format      B. formally       C. informal
13. The boys played games in the afternoon instead of_________.
A. doing their homework        B. to do their homework  
C. having doing their homework   
14. ________ of the rivers here have been polluted.
    A. Two-third    B. Two-thirds    C. Two-three  
15. Excuse me. I ________ a post office. Can you help me, please?
    A. am looking for    B. is looking for    C. is look at 
16. Put on your coat, _______ you will catch a cold. 
A. and        B. so      C. or  
17. English is not easy to learn. It ________ us a long time to learn it well.
　A. takes     B. costs      C. spends   
18. There will be a school bus________ at 6:00 P.M.
     A. leaves      B. leaving      C. leave   
19. Light ________ faster than sound.
A. traveling    B. travels     C. travel  
20. The man has had a bad cough recently, ________ he has to give up smoking. 
　A. so         B. and        C. if     
21. The Williams ________ in the city twenty years ago.
     A. lived      B. lives     C. having lived 
22. Tickets cost $10 for adults and $ 5 for children, but there is ______for children under the age of 6.
　A. money     B. much money     C. no charge   
23. A very wet Max went back to the station and this time he was very ____not to take the wrong way.
A. careless        B. careful        C. cared    
24. Tell your partner you don’t like blue. You would like the T-shirt ________.
     A. at white      B. about white     C. in white  
25. An arrangement to see someone at an agreed time and place is ________.
　A. appointment    B. arrangement    C. development 
26. _______ for me that I’ve got the opportunity to go to university for further study.
    A. Usually      B. Angrily     C. Luckily    
27. For ____ years, people in different parts of the world have worn very different types of clothing.
    A. thousand of     B. thousands     C. thousands of
28. The mother ________ her son _______ at the railway station last Sunday.
A. see…through      B. see… off      C. saw… off
29. Please ________ the new words in the dictionary. 
　A. looked up     B. looked at     C. picked up   
30. 365 is ________.
    A. three hundreds and sixty-five        B. three hundred and sixty-five
   C. three and sixty-five           
31. Max  looked at the map and realised that he had looked at it ________.
    A. upside down      B. correct    C. mistake
32. Every college student should  ________.
    A. take  a good way   B. take a wrong way   C. take the lead
33. Deshi ________ a beer. Please get it for her.
    A. hopes       B. wants       C. wishes   
34. 0.33 is  ________.
     A. zero point three three    B. three three    C. thirty- three
35. Let me give you a  ________ advice.
A. lump of     B. cup of    C. piece of
36. Here are some new  ________ shoes.
    A. pair  of     B. pairs of     C. a pair of
37. How do you do? It’s nice to  ________ you.
A. meeting   B. meets     C. meet
38. 10,000 is  ________.
    A. ten thousand     B. a thousand   C. ten hundred
39. Excuse me, do you know  ________ the youth hostel is?
A. which     B. where    C. why
40.  ________ Ling’s first Saturday, the Millers have a barbecue in their garden.
    A. On      B. In     C. From
41. It is better to choose a hobby which is not ________.
　A. right      B. useful      C.  expensive
42. Many people ________40 hours a week at work or doing stuff for school.
A. cost        B. take       C.  spend
43. Most people have quite________ hobbies.
    A. much      B. a lot of       C. a little  
44. Jogging does not even need any special________.
A. tool        B. equipment       C. matter  
45. There you could swim, ________, read and listen to the music.
A. relax       B. relaxed        C be relaxed
46. What’s your ________ hobby?
A. most       B. interested       C. favourite
47. Tennis, football and swimming are all________ sports.
　A. special       B. popular       C. unpopular   
48. Those people don’t think of them________hobbies.
　A. for          B. as            C. with 
49. It is important  ________ you choose a few hobbies  ________ you can do at the same time like cooking and watching TV or listening to music.
A. that ; why          B. that ; that          C. for , that
50. These extreme sports can only________ if you are very fit.
A. do          B. be doing          C. be done
51. These shoes are more comfortable than ________.
A. those          B. those shoes         C. those one
52. A: Which of these three books can I borrow?
   B:________
A. Both          B. Either         C. Any
53. If you don't want to get fat, eat________.
A. more          B. less         C. little
54. Few people live to be 100 and even________ live to be 110.
    A. fewer          B. less         C. more
55. Her new car goes faster than her old________.
A. car          B. one         C. ones
56. Do you prefer these designs or those new ________.
A. designs        B. one         C. ones
57. This last chapter is much longer than the preceding ________.
A. chapter        B. one         C. ones
58. Last month I needed a new rice cooker. And I found ________on Taobao for less than the same rice cooker in Hualian Department Store.
A. it        B. one         C. ones
59. The chair isn’t comfortable; sit in ________.	
A. this chairs       B. that chairs       C. the other   
60. He has a lot of books, but he wants ________.
    A. lot      B. many more      C. many   
61. However, there are new dangers ________ health, and these are often more difficult to cure because they are not physical.
A. for          B. to            C. with
62. This health hazard is  ________ by trying to do too much in too little time.
A. due          B. because            C. caused
63. Many people feel that they are never _________ their lives.
A. in control of          B. in the control of      C. in control 
64. They never find the time to stop for _____.
A. breathe          B. breath            C. building
65. Adrenal fatigue means you can’t _________ stress.
A. cope with          B. cope to            C. cope for
66. They eat “TV snacks” and do not do ________.
A. enough spiritual exercise          
B. physical exercise enough           
C. enough physical exercise 
67. Computer games can be _____ addictive that some people do almost nothing else.
A. too          B. enough            C. so
68. More and more people are __________    by the “electrosmog” that is all around us today.
A. be affected      B. being affected            C. affecting
69. Doctors say that watching television for more than two hours per day can _________ learning difficulties and a loss of concentration.
A. lead to         B. lead           C. led to
70. The second health hazard is _______ to the first one.
A. relative        B. connected          C. controlled
71. What is the difference________“entertainment” and “hobbies”？
    A. on       B. among       C. between
72. Supermarket mangers are good ________ making people buy more.
    A. in          B. at         C. of      
73. He has a lot of children to look________.
    A. at        B. for        C. after   
74. A bad hotel also ________ a terrible holiday.
A. makes up       B. makes for       C. makes in
75. I’ve got the book you told me________
A. of        B. for        C. after  
76. Why must Janice ________something for the neighbors?
    A. bring to     B. bring up    C. bring back 
77. John has an appointment______ the dentist ______ 4 o’clock.
A. with; at          B. for; at         C. to; at
78. When I was young I always wanted a brother or sister to play ________.
A. by          B. to         C. with
79. Since the mid-1990s, online sales have been increasing ______over 25% per year.
A. by          B. to         C. for
80. Everywhere¬¬¬ with even a small attraction will be full_____  tourists _____ the national holiday.
    A. with; at          B. of; during         C. of; at
81. ______ first originated in China.
A. Buddhism    B. Taoism   C. Islamism
82. The Yellow River is the ______ longest river in the world and the second longest river in China. 
A. third     B. forth   C. fifth 
83. The Four Great Inventions in ancient China are gunpowder, paper making, printing and the ______ . 
A. silk       B. compass      C. china
84. During the ______, Zhang Qian, an outstanding diplomat, travelled around central Asia and connected China with the Persian Gulf and the Mediterranean.
A. Western Han Dynasty   B. Eastern Han Dynasty     C. Ming Dynasty
85. Praised as“Oriental Opera”, ______ is a genuine national quintessence of China.
A. Qunqu    B. Beijing Opera    C. Sichuan Opera
86. The ____ is the highest judicial organ in China.
A. Supreme people’s Court     B. National People’s Court      
C. Highest People’s Court
87. The National Anthem of China is the ____.
A.  Land of Freedom    B. March of the Volunteers      
C. A Hymn to My Country
88. The original aspiration and the mission of Chinese Communists is to seek ____ for the Chinese people and ____ for the Chinese nation.
A. happiness, rejuvenation   B. luck, development   C. health, promotion
89. China has a land of more than ____ square kilometers.
A. 96 million   B. 9.6 billion   C. 9.6 million
90. China has a population of more than ____ people.
A. 14 billion   B. 1.4 billion   C. 1.4 million

## 答案

- 01-05 CCBAA
- 06-10 CACCC
- 11-15 ACABA
- 16-20 CABBA 
- 21-25 ACBCA
- 26-30 CCCAB
- 31-35 AABAC
- 36-40 BCABA
- 41-45 CCBBA
- 46-50 CBBBC
- 51-55 ACBAB
- 56-60 CCBCB
- 61-65 BCABA
- 66-70 CCBAB
- 71-75 CBCBA
- 76-80 CACAB 
- 81-85 BCBAB
- 86-90 ABACB